{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11480\viewh7500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I plan on using jQuery because it is the most popular JavaScript libraries. My dream job is to be a javascript developer because it is the scripting language that I am most comfortable using. So how important is JavaScript in the web development industry? It is nicknamed the official programming language of the web, so that should give you a hint of it\'92s importance.  JavaScript was designed in the 90s at Netscape, it was meant as a simple language that even programming novices could use and it did its job pretty well. I think that one of the reasons JS is popular and used in almost every web browser is because it allows for dynamic content to be executed in a web page.  I am very interested to learn more about jQuery because it is one of the most popular JavaScript libraries out right now. It was first released in 2006 and used by 31% of the top 10,000 web sites. JQuery allows developers to create scripts that can browse and modify DOM elements including support for Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) versions 1 through 3, handle events, produce visual effects and animations, support Ajax, and the library is extensible through plug-ins. Data from Libscore, which gauges usage of JavaScript libraries, verifies the popularity of the jQuery library while others trail far behind. Lib score shows that jQuery used on the home pages of 634,872 of the top 1 million websites. Prior estimate tells us that it was in use on more than 61% of all websites. I am also interested in learning more about jQuery mobile because it helps present web content on mobile devices.  jQuery Mobile is great because like jQuery it is also free and open source tool that is used for web development.\
\
The average salary for a javascript developer is about $90,000 in the United States. A senior developer can make over a hundred grand a year. Front end developers make on average $82,000 salary all these are based from my research on indeed.com/salary. There are full grown companies that are hiring all the time for developers and there are also start ups that are hoping up everyday. The following are some of the ways that I learned about how to get a job in the web industry. First step I recommend is to join the community of local developers, see if there are any meet ups and/or groups. Also stay active on sites like stack overflow because you can earn a reputation and there also job postings on the site. The tech industry has been growing through out the years that the demand is growing just as much. In Silicon Valley, some tech salaries reached six-figures on average for the first time. There are also bonuses are larger in Silicon Valley. About 38% of tech professional receive bonuses on average worth about $12,450. There is a strong demand for developers in the job market. The recent Hays Quarterly Report for IT warned many employers had not adapted to the high demand for web developers and were offering salaries well below the average. There was a note that showed that experienced developers were starting at $100,000 plus salaries. \
\
Cite #1: Mark Gibbs \'93jQuery, books on jQuery and Readability\'94 August 17, 2010 Network World.\
\
Cite #2: Plus Media Solutions, US Official News January 6, 2015\
\
Cite #3: Mark Gibbs: \'93jQuery Mobile helps present web content on mobile devices\'94 Network World October 19, 2010\
\
Cite #4:  Ann Bednarz: \'93IT salaries rise, bonuses get bigger\'94 Network World February 2, 2012, Thursday\
\
Cite#5: Jennifer Foreshew, Hiring  \'93Rush for top talent as sector heats up\'94 The Australian January 20, 2015.}